food busker and I'm bad baby with a New
York style hot dog oh and this how you
do it everybody knows a great hot dog
you've got to have a great bun and a
great dog and we've got to kill a
frankfurter down there
but really what hot dogs all about is
their toppings and the first thing I've
got for you is a killer killer mustard
with chilies and smoked paprika to start
with I'm gonna do a really beautiful
caramelized shallots with bacon to go on
the top let's get it on right the pans
getting art let's get the oil in the pan
okay so you want about two tablespoons
of oil and you're gonna know the pans
ready because the oil goes in it starts
dancing so then she locks in there go
get those bad boys all in okay so
they're sizzling let's just give them a
toss and what you want to do is you want
to cook them on the medium to high heat
the natural sugars in there I'm gonna
get that beautiful brand caramelized
vibe going on okay so when you've got
them at that sort of stage turn the heat
down to low grab some dark brown sugar
and just a little bit not much on the
top so we're gonna do is now just cook
that nice and slow and just really allow
it to caramelize
clipping delish we've been cooking there
for about five to six minutes on a low
heat we're gonna take them off and dry
them on some kitchen roll so you want to
get all the excess oil out so spread
them out and drain them properly set
those aside to dry out and get nice and
crispy right griddle pan on get it up to
a medium heat and then we'll get the
dogs in gonna grab some oil just lightly
drizzle this bulb then I'm gonna get my
dogs and just work them a little bit
around you're just coating them ever so
slightly so they don't stick okay and
then let's get these guys into the
griddle pan okay now you can use
whatever sausages you want I'm using the
classic frankfurters and these are
smoked sausages so I just want to put
them in a low heat your pan to bring
them back to life you can use whatever
you want make sure you cook them all the
way through delish
now the fiery mustard you want 200 grams
of french cheese mustard then we want
one teaspoon of smoked paprika 1
teaspoon of chili flakes and then one
teaspoon of olive oil and what I would
say is make a big batch all these
products will stay for months so just
put it in your fridge and Bosch Bari
must have done ok hot dogs
halfway done we're just gonna get him
and flip them over
they're ready to rock so I'm gonna set
those aside and we'll stop building the
dog grab your bun down the middle so
let's grab a dog and put in in there
remember those shallots they've dried up
beautifully I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
grab the bacon I cooked earlier I'm just
gonna break in to the she lot and then
let's dress it so you've got to get your
wiggle right okay
come in my brother so ketchup hot
kick-ass mustard okay people I reckon
that's worth at least seven of your
British pounds my brothers and sisters
but what would you pay for it let me
know in the comment box below and make
sure you check out my channel food
busker subscribe people boom